README.md, before:

# catalytic/sdk
> Catalytic's PHP SDK
>
> Current version **0.2.0**

The Catalytic SDK allows you to integration your app with the Catalytic Platform.

Key Benefits:

 - Easily add powerful capabilities to your app like customizable ETL, webforms, notifications and hundreds of integrations
 - Dramatically lower the cost of risk of rapidly prototyping new functionality for your customers
 - Allow business users to build and change the business logic without changing your app
 - Move cumbersome and complex processes out of your app and into Catalytic where they are easy to manage
 - Easily connect actions users take in your app to backoffice processes in your business.
 - Let Catalytic handle the compliance burden of storing and processing PII and ePHI securely


## Requirements
PHP 7.3 and later

## Installation
Via composer

```sh
$ composer add catalytic/sdk
```

## Documentation
Documentation can be found at [https://catalytic-developer.readme.io/reference/catalytic-php-sdk](https://catalytic-developer.readme.io/reference/catalytic-php-sdk).

Commit message:

test: added initial unit tests (#28)
* test: added initial unit tests

* tests(users): refactored users tests to be more true unit tests

* chore: Replaced manual text of current version with a badge

* tests: fixed Users unit tests

* chore: dropped support for PHP 7.3 since we're using typed properties which are only supported starting with PHP 7.4

* tests(users): increased test coverage for users client

* ci: added xml format for code coverage

README.md, after:

[![Version](https://poser.pugx.org/catalytic/sdk/version)](//packagist.org/packages/catalytic/sdk)
![PHP CI with Composer](https://github.com/catalyticlabs/catalytic-sdk-php/workflows/PHP%20CI%20with%20Composer/badge.svg)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/074d5f6e2669c1685181/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/catalyticlabs/catalytic-sdk-php/maintainability)
[![Test Coverage](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/074d5f6e2669c1685181/test_coverage)](https://codeclimate.com/github/catalyticlabs/catalytic-sdk-php/test_coverage)

# catalytic/sdk
> Catalytic's PHP SDK

The Catalytic SDK allows you to integration your app with the Catalytic Platform.

Key Benefits:

 - Easily add powerful capabilities to your app like customizable ETL, webforms, notifications and hundreds of integrations
 - Dramatically lower the cost of risk of rapidly prototyping new functionality for your customers
 - Allow business users to build and change the business logic without changing your app
 - Move cumbersome and complex processes out of your app and into Catalytic where they are easy to manage
 - Easily connect actions users take in your app to backoffice processes in your business.
 - Let Catalytic handle the compliance burden of storing and processing PII and ePHI securely


## Requirements
PHP 7.4 and later

## Installation
Via composer

```sh
$ composer add catalytic/sdk
```

## Documentation
Documentation can be found at [https://catalytic-developer.readme.io/reference/catalytic-php-sdk](https://catalytic-developer.readme.io/reference/catalytic-php-sdk).
